wild Floyd well we are drawing the so work at for that the there's a reason
why they they have a lot of these dark for fashions it's in the
world rations and we continue like Drake but still you fill out three
twelve hours for the ticket to watch so if you are deployed seventy
two days out of fort then the beer ration is two years per day for
sale or one is that it's a few days you have to check the records
for the fleet it sure is so if you're on a point or a day that is two
beers per day per person and then when you pull in the clock starts
over again certainly you can write off of what your out of walking
around the country if you go over to Naples the full then you certainly
can yeah be careful well the you can certainly right wall out
Robert is that it's for the war and show the American flag